6.3.15 release notes. (#5002)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/release-notes/release-notes-630.rst

#############

6.3.15
======

> * Added several counters to the master metrics to count the number of requests of each type received. `(PR #4829) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4829>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added several counters to the ``MasterMetrics`` trace event to count the number of requests of each type received. `(PR #4829) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4829>`_
```

> * Added ``RecoveryCount`` to trace events when tLog begins. `(PR #4944) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4944>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added ``RecoveryCount`` to trace events when a transaction log begins. `(PR #4944) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/4944>`_
```
